Added Argument Validation subsection (#676)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-c: README.md

- **HTTP**: Non-allocating HTTP request and HTTP response data structures and operations.

> - **Argument Validation**: Our SDK function validate arguments you pass to it and invoke a callback when validation fails. By default, this callback suspends the calling thread _forever_. However, you can override this behavior and, in fact, you can disable all argument validation to get smaller and faster code. See the [SDK Function Argument Validation](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-c/tree/ba67151753118b484347b16ccc18d1ba1d5342b9/sdk/core/core#sdk-function-argument-validation) section of the `Azure Core` README for more information.

Reviewer: The SDK validates function arguments and invokes a callback when validation fails.

> - **Argument Validation**: Our SDK function validate arguments you pass to it and invoke a callback when validation fails. By default, this callback suspends the calling thread _forever_. However, you can override this behavior and, in fact, you can disable all argument validation to get smaller and faster code. See the [SDK Function Argument Validation](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-c/tree/ba67151753118b484347b16ccc18d1ba1d5342b9/sdk/core/core#sdk-function-argument-validation) section of the `Azure Core` README for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Argument Validation**: The SDK validates function arguments and invoke a callback when validation fails. By default, this callback suspends the calling thread _forever_. However, you can override this behavior and, in fact, you can disable all argument validation to get smaller and faster code. See the [SDK Function Argument Validation](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-c/tree/ba67151753118b484347b16ccc18d1ba1d5342b9/sdk/core/core#sdk-function-argument-validation) section of the `Azure Core` README for more information.

```

- **HTTP**: Non-allocating HTTP request and HTTP response data structures and operations.

> - **Argument Validation**: The SDK validates function arguments and invoke a callback when validation fails. By default, this callback suspends the calling thread _forever_. However, you can override this behavior and, in fact, you can disable all argument validation to get smaller and faster code. See the [SDK Function Argument Validation](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-c/tree/ba67151753118b484347b16ccc18d1ba1d5342b9/sdk/core/core#sdk-function-argument-validation) section of the `Azure Core` README for more information.

Reviewer 2: Was going to suggest a couple of fixes here, but fixed them in a separate PR:
https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-c/pull/709
